not too thick and then what we'll do now
is just turn it around your finger and
nip the pastry so it forms this little
lip and what that does it helps to keep
the apples in the center of the tart
give it a little pierce so it stops the
pastry from rising and then we'll be
ready in five minutes to put the pure in
there then our apples on there apples
look nice though don't they a little bit
of color on them that'd be perfect
why are you bothering with all the pies
reality I should've ice cream your
progress absolutely
I've got little to Calvados in the apple
puree it looks like a real mess all the
play oh hey listen guys it's a puree
Johnny's not happy because it didn't
come out of a jar by the way I put the
Mint's made into the ice cream I'm
beating it into the ice cream and I'm
putting it back in the freezer and then
I'm gonna retained he's home ate the hot
cream goes into the egg yolks and sugar
whisking all the time so it doesn't
curdle the scramble
ooh but a trice chillin a might as well
that might as well go in and then over
here the rice it's been simmering for
just 15 minutes it's it's almost tender
so it's ready to put the two together so
now it's all come together we got the
rice the cream the milk the egg yolks
the sugar all in the same pan
we just need to stir it gently over the
heat for it to start to thicken up as a
custard that's come together beautifully
now you don't want to fill it right to
the top because I gotta have room for my
apple slices over the top a little shake
look at that what's putting at us right
is putting in the top yeah I know cool
it down apples go on top yeah serve it
at room temperature
lil bit apple cheering oh that's very
fancy I see so you use the paste to kind
of stand it up like cement exactly gonna
taste like cement its run cool see
Jordan you haven't got any spare apple
slices of you I got Easter eggs I would
say it's got a feeling I haven't quite
fried enough for the top of my top well
they won't look as good will it hi Janet
this is what's called cooking the real
world yet not apples out of jar this is
what I've got by down a pastry chefs why
am I gonna waste time and it looks
lovely I'm not gonna hear them release
an artwork you can't go you Gordon I can
now I can now you're holding us up you
have you finished very very nearly I'm
just gonna let it tiny bit of a glaze
for the top oh no yo get all the way
there just a tiny bit more tiny bit of
this syrup on the top that's pretty much
ready just needs to settle down for 10
or 15 minutes we'll serve it at room
temperature
but look you're going on about my
miniscule amount of love
Jenna can you say
now we look at this for ten minutes then
turn it over and cook it upside down so
it presses it nice and flat squashes all
those apples into the pastry 15 minutes
15 minutes right Jenny's apples are in
my tarts going to take about 15 or 20
minutes once that comes out in it the
rest huge tart is resting and then we're
going to serve them all to the blind
tasters